docs(Spaces): Add details for custom Python Spaces (#87)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/spaces.md

## Troubleshoot

### Streamlit

Issues may occur when you use an unsupported Streamlit version. The Streamlit version is not configured in the **requirements.txt** file but rather in the `YAML` settings through the `sdk_version` setting. Not all Streamlit versions are supported. Check that you are using a supported version of Streamlit. Refer to the [reference section](#reference) for more information about supported versions.

### Custom Python Spaces

While not an official workflow yet, you are able to run your own Python + interface stack in Spaces by selecting Gradio as your SDK and serving a frontend on port `7680`. See the [templates](https://huggingface.co/templates#spaces) for examples.

> Because you are now responsible for the interface, you must add an [iFrame Resizer script](https://cdnjs.com/libraries/iframe-resizer) that is normally imported by the Gradio library:

Reviewer: can you qualify in which cases this is needed? (i haven't needed it yet on my side) like if you want a fluid vertical layout, etc?

Author: 👍 Have changed wording to be more clear about why it's needed

And that's right, needed essentially whenever the content exceeds the viewport height.

I just created a duplicate of one of the templates here as example, where the only change is iFrame Resizer being commented out: https://huggingface.co/spaces/ronvolutional/iframe-test
Compared to: https://huggingface.co/spaces/ronvolutional/http-server

 I tested Gradio HTML ouput and static SDK space before and they do not need it.

Reviewer: makes sense, and i think we can even link to your example Spaces, those are a great explanation

Reviewer: (made some suggestions)

Author: Nice additions. Just made the example suggestion more concise. Will merge when Charles/Christophe has a look!

```HTML
<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/iframe-resizer/4.3.2/iframeResizer.contentWindow.min.js"></script>
```

> Iframes by default are also restricted from opening links in the parent page, so you should open them in a new window:

Reviewer: maybe put this one before the iframe resizer as it seems more generally applicable?

Author: Done. Originally it was because iFrame Resizer is essential (unless you have a short page) but not all Spaces have links.

## Troubleshoot

### Streamlit

Issues may occur when you use an unsupported Streamlit version. The Streamlit version is not configured in the **requirements.txt** file but rather in the `YAML` settings through the `sdk_version` setting. Not all Streamlit versions are supported. Check that you are using a supported version of Streamlit. Refer to the [reference section](#reference) for more information about supported versions.

### Custom Python Spaces

While not an official workflow, you are able to run your own Python + interface stack in Spaces by selecting Gradio as your SDK and serving a frontend on port `7680`. See the [templates](https://huggingface.co/templates#spaces) for examples.

Spaces are served in iframes, which by default restrict links from opening in the parent page. The simplest solution is to open them a new window:

```HTML
<a href="https://hf.space" rel="noopener" target="_blank">Spaces</a>
```

> Usually, the height of Spaces is adjusted automatically when using the Gradio library interface. If you provide your own frontend in the Gradio SDK however, you'll need to add an [iFrame Resizer script](https://cdnjs.com/libraries/iframe-resizer) so that content can scroll in the iframe:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, the height of Spaces is adjusted automatically when using the Gradio library interface. If you provide your own frontend in the Gradio SDK however, and if your content height is larger than the viewport, you'll need to add an [iFrame Resizer script](https://cdnjs.com/libraries/iframe-resizer) so that content can scroll in the iframe:
```

```HTML
<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/iframe-resizer/4.3.2/iframeResizer.contentWindow.min.js"></script>
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, here are two Spaces where the only change is iFrame Resizer being commented out: https://huggingface.co/spaces/ronvolutional/iframe-test
Compared to: https://huggingface.co/spaces/ronvolutional/http-server
```

## Troubleshoot

### Streamlit

Issues may occur when you use an unsupported Streamlit version. The Streamlit version is not configured in the **requirements.txt** file but rather in the `YAML` settings through the `sdk_version` setting. Not all Streamlit versions are supported. Check that you are using a supported version of Streamlit. Refer to the [reference section](#reference) for more information about supported versions.

### Custom Python Spaces

While not an official workflow, you are able to run your own Python + interface stack in Spaces by selecting Gradio as your SDK and serving a frontend on port `7680`. See the [templates](https://huggingface.co/templates#spaces) for examples.

> Spaces are served in iframes, which by default restrict links from opening in the parent page. The simplest solution is to open them a new window:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Spaces are served in iframes, which by default restrict links from opening in the parent page. The simplest solution is to open them in a new window:
```

```HTML
<a href="https://hf.space" rel="noopener" target="_blank">Spaces</a>
```

> Usually, the height of Spaces is adjusted automatically when using the Gradio library interface. If you provide your own frontend in the Gradio SDK however, and if your content height is larger than the viewport, you'll need to add an [iFrame Resizer script](https://cdnjs.com/libraries/iframe-resizer) so that content can scroll in the iframe:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Usually, the height of Spaces is automatically adjusted when using the Gradio library interface. However, if you provide your own frontend in the Gradio SDK and the content height is larger than the viewport, you'll need to add an [iFrame Resizer script](https://cdnjs.com/libraries/iframe-resizer) so the content is scrollable in the iframe:
```

Author: 👍
